frontend docs refresh (#605)
dfinity/docs: modules/developers-guide/pages/tutorials/custom-frontend.adoc

</html>
----

== Start the local canister execution environment

Before you can build the `+custom_greeting+` project, you need to connect to either the live {platform}, or a canister execution environment running locally in your development environment.

To start the environment locally:

. Open a new terminal window or tab on your local computer.
. Navigate to the root directory for your project, if necessary.

> . Start the {IC} environment on your local computer by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Start the local canister execution environment on your local computer by running the following command:
```
There is only one IC :)

+
[source,bash]
----
dfx start --background
----
+

> After the local {IC} environment completes its startup operations, you can continue to the next step.

Reviewer: dito

Author: ```suggestion
After the local canister execution environment completes its startup operations, you can continue to the next step.
```

== Register, build, and deploy the dapp

> After you connect to the local {IC} execution environment, you can register, build, and deploy your dapp locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you connect to the local canister execution environment, you can register, build, and deploy your dapp locally.
```

+
image:modified-result.png[Modified greeting result]

> == Stop the local execution environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Stop the local canister execution environment
```

After you finish experimenting with the front-end for your dapp, you can stop the local canister execution environment so that it doesn’t continue running in the background.

To stop the local network:

. In the terminal that displays the webpack development server, press Control-C to interrupt the dev-server.

. In the terminal that displays network operations, press Control-C to interrupt the local network process.

> . Stop the {IC} environment by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Stop the local canister execution environment by running the following command:
```
